Address review comments (#47)
ietf-wg-privacypass/ietf-draft-privacypass-batched-tokens: draft-ietf-privacypass-batched-tokens.md

support. In addition, in some cases, they cannot take advantage of cryptographic
optimizations.

The first variant ({{amortized-batch}}) of the issuance protocol builds upon the
privately verifiable issuance protocol in {{RFC9578}} that uses VOPRF
{{!OPRF=RFC9497}}, and allows for batched issuance of tokens and amortizes the
cost of zero knowledge proofs. This allows clients to request more than one
token at a time and for issuers to issue more than one token at a time. In
effect, private batched issuance performance scales better than linearly.

The second variant ({{generic-batch}}) of the issuance protocol introduces a new
Client-Issuer communication method, which allows for batched issuance of generic
token types. This allows clients to request more than one token at a time and
for issuers to issue more than one token at a time. This variant has no other

> effect than batching requests and responses and the issuance performance remains

Reviewer: I confirm this addresses the [comment](https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/privacy-pass/WnRzS-JUhWeMEod8N4zTFBfaMvs/) about having links to the section associated to the protocol

# Generic Token Batch Issuance {#generic-batch}

This section describes an issuance protocol mechanism for issuing multiple
tokens in one round trip between Client and Issuer. A generic batch token
request can contain token requests for any token type.

## Client-to-Issuer Request {#generic-client-to-issuer-request}

The Client first generates all of the individual TokenRequest structures that
are intended to be batched together. This request creation follows the protocol

> describing issuance, such as {{!AUTHSCHEME=RFC9577, Section 5.1}} or {{RFC9578,

Reviewer: why the change here? RFC8577 auth scheme does not define any issuance protocol. Section 5.1 of RFC 9578 does though

         TokenRequest token_request;
      case (0x0002): /* Type Blind RSA (2048-bit), RFC 9578 */
          TokenRequest token_request;
      case (0x0005): /* Type VOPRF(ristretto255, SHA-512), RFC XXXX */
          TokenRequest token_request;

>       case (other): /* Other token types */
>           TokenRequest token_request;

Reviewer: making it more consistent with the previous inclusions

```suggestion
      case (other): /* Other token types from the IANA Privacy Pass Token Types Registry */
          TokenRequest token_request;
```

The structure fields are defined as follows:

- GenericBatchTokenRequest's "token_type" is a 2-octet integer. The value
  represents the token type from the IANA Privacy Pass Token Types Registry

>   ({{AUTHSCHEME, Section 6.2}}). The rest of the structure follows with the

Reviewer: best to link to the registry directly

```suggestion
  ({{IANA_PRIVACYPASS_TOKEN_TYPES}}). The rest of the structure follows with the
```

In the `informative` section of the header, add the following

```
informative:
  IANA_PRIVACYPASS_TOKEN_TYPES:
    title: IANA Privacy Pass Token Types Registry
    target: https://www.iana.org/assignments/privacy-pass/privacy-pass.xhtml#token-type
```
